docs: add note that sting based lazy loading is opt-in (#35956)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/lazy-loading-ngmodules.md

Notice that the lazy-loading syntax uses `loadChildren` followed by a function that uses the browser's built-in `import('...')` syntax for dynamic imports.
The import path is the relative path to the module.

<div class="callout is-helpful">
<header>String based lazy loading</header>

> You can also make your modules lazy loaded by string based lazy loading(loadChildren: './path/to/module#Module')  without using the `import('...')` syntax but you have to include the lazy-loaded routes in your tsconfig file to make the lazy-loaded files a part of the compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Angular version 8, the string syntax for the `loadChildren` route specification [was deprecated](https://angular.io/guide/deprecations#loadchildren-string-syntax) in favor of the `import()` syntax. However, you can opt into using string-based lazy loading (`loadChildren: './path/to/module#Module'`) by including the lazy-loaded routes in your `tsconfig` file, which includes the lazy-loaded files in the compilation.
```

> It is an opt-in this behaviour. As by default the CLI will generate projects which stricter file inclusions intended to be used with the `import()` lazy syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the CLI will generate projects which stricter file inclusions intended to be used with the `import()` syntax.
```

> Note: It is a deprecated syntax and will be removed in version 11 for details please refer [guide](guide/deprecations#loadChildren).

Reviewer: You can remove this sentence; the deprecated link appears above.
